# CUDA-Accelerated implementation of Cox Method
##Synopsis

At the top of the file there should be a short introductioCox method is based on the theory of modulated renewal processes and it estimates a vector of influence strengths from multiple spike trains (called reference trains) to the selected (target) spike train. Selecting another target spike train and repeating the calculation of the influence strengths from the reference spike trains enables researchers to find all functional connections among multiple spike trains. In order to study functional connectivity an “influence function” is identified. This function recognises the specificity of neuronal interactions and reflects the dynamics of postsynaptic potential. In comparison to existing techniques, the Cox method has the following advantages:
··*It does not use bins (binless method)
··*It is applicable to cases where the sample size is small
··*It is sufficiently sensitive such that it estimates weak influences
··*It supports the simultaneous analysis of multiple influences
··*It is able to identify a correct connectivity scheme in difficult cases of “common source” or “indirect” connectivity.
The Cox method has been thoroughly tested using multiple sets of data generated by the neural network model of the leaky integrate and fire neurons with a prescribed architecture of connections (Masud & Borisyuk, 2011).n and/ or overview that explains what the project is. This description should match descriptions added for package managers (Gemspec, package.json, etc.)

##Code Example

Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out how your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

##Motivation

The interest of proposing GPU implementations is in gaining computation time, but another important interest is that such implementation requires rethinking the algorithm in different ways as the sequential implementation. This rethinking in itself brings new optimization possibilities. Utilizing this accelerated implementation, the Cox method is then capable to be applied on an experimental dataset, e.g. CRCNS, in a personal computer. This should facilitate observations of biological neural network organizations that can provide new insights to improve understanding of memory, learning and intelligence.

##Installation

Provide code examples and explanations of how to get the project.

##API Reference

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

##Tests

Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.

##Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

##License

A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache, etc.)